The question is, how do you feel about the Ten Gouridh?
Now again, there is Hinayana teaching, what explaining is the self-egolessness,
which is the egolessness state, and that is again the emptiness.
Emptiness, that means ego, is empty.
So which is, then, that alone explains the Daoi and the Shravaka Ayana teaching,
or the Hinayana teaching.
Then the Parthi Buddha Ayana teaching often said, they realized the one-and-a-half-egolessness
status,
and which often said, they realized the self-egolessness status,
and then similarly, they realized the egolessness of the object.
And so, one-and-a-half-egolessness realization.
And in bodhisattva realization, both full-egolessness realization,
the subject and object, and all that, and those are the Mahayana teaching,
which is the emptiness teaching.
And then, again, in the three outer Tantra, explaining basically the same,
that the nature of the self, nature of the others,
the nature of the sound or the repetition,
which also explain about the egolessness, emptiness realization, stated, bring that.
And then Mahayoga teaching, as we already went through,
that all the purity, state of true nature, very exactly as it is.
And Anu-Yoga teaching, explaining about all teachings of this,
the emptiness aspect of the nature, is the samad-bhadri,
and the ephedic aspect is the samad-bhadra,
and the union of the emptiness is then the children of the children,
and of the blissfulness mandala.
And that is, again, the inner Tantra, the Anu-Yoga teaching.
And the Dzog-Chin, then, already we're discussing,
is beyond the conception, beyond any of the mundane ideal thought,
and that is, again, Dzog-Chin teaching.
So, therefore, all this, kind of like, the connected,
but as you go deeper or the higher and higher,
then the true nature exploration is getting deeper and stronger and more wider,
and therefore, then those different yanas are named.
(Singing in Dzog-Chin)